After completing the assignment, be sure to push to Github and Heroku.
Please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (e.g., Heroku):
https://cse341portfolio.herokuapp.com/prove02

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/itsamelevihilton/cse341

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. 
You are able to add books to a list.
You are able to see a list of the currently saved books.
You are able to display whichever book you would like to see completely.
You are able to delete books from the list.
There are also a couple of other links that show a landing page and an about me page.

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
The about me page doesn't currently have any content.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
I was able to write code that gives me a lot cleaner gradients that ease in and out.  This uses Sass which I hope isn't against the rules.  We had bootstrap linked in the main site, so I can't imagine sass would be out of bounds.

6. If you could change this assignment to be more effective or helpful, what would you change?
I think it could be helpful to more explicitly define the requirements for the assignment.  It seemed very vague at first.  A video going over what the assignment requirements are would be helpful.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment: 5
   1 - Some attempt was made
   2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
   3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
   4 - Meets requirements
   5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I beilieve that I went above and beyond to create ways to see a list of all current books as well as remove them from the list.  I think that from a design standpoint I've done a lot of things to make adding additional pages to the site easier as well as making it a pleasant experience for the user.